README.md, before:

# ReadySET Markdown
This is a conversion of the [Tigris.org](http://www.tigris.org/) distribution of the ReadySET Software Engineering Templates into PHP Markdown Extra format. It is intended to be used on [Pico CMS](http://picocms.org/). There is a GitHub mirror of the HTML formatted templates at [@brianbaquiran/readyset](https://github.com/brianbaquiran/readyset). The original ReadySET project is located [here] (http://readyset.tigris.org/).  There has been no visible development on the original project since [version 0.9.3](http://readyset.tigris.org/docs/release-notes-0-9-3.html) in 2004, but I find it useful, especially in markdown format.

You can see the original HTML templates [here](http://readyset.tigris.org/nonav/templates/frameset.html).

# ReadySET
Ready-to-use Software Engineering Templates
### License
ReadySET is released under a [BSD License](http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php)

### Preferred Pico theme
A nice Pico CMS theme is [pico-jonbeckett](https://github.com/jonbeckett/pico-jonbeckett).
### Handy Pico plugin
[Pico-Placing](https://github.com/ufgum/Pico-Placing) allows you to change the order of the top menu.

Commit message:

changed from Pico to Strapdown.js format

README.md, after:

# ReadySET Markdown
This is a conversion of the [Tigris.org](http://www.tigris.org/) distribution of the ReadySET Software Engineering Templates into [Strapdown.js](http://strapdown.com) format. There is a GitHub mirror of the HTML formatted templates at [@brianbaquiran/readyset](https://github.com/brianbaquiran/readyset). The original ReadySET project is located [here] (http://readyset.tigris.org/).  There has been no visible development on the original project since [version 0.9.3](http://readyset.tigris.org/docs/release-notes-0-9-3.html) in 2004, but I find it useful, especially in markdown format.

You can see the original HTML templates [here](http://readyset.tigris.org/nonav/templates/frameset.html).

# ReadySET
Ready-to-use Software Engineering Templates
### License
ReadySET is released under a [BSD License](http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php)

### Handy Strapdown plugin
[strapdown-topbar](http://joedf.github.io/strapdown-topbar) allows you to change the order of the top menu.

### Strapdown themes
[Bootswatch](http://bootswatch.com/)
http://bootswatch.com/
